Replacing Eltje with Coua (#3461)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/people/benefits.md

If you ever need change of scenery, we offer $200/month budget towards [coworking or café working](/handbook/people/spending-money#work-space), or [WeWork All Access](https://www.wework.com/solutions/wework-all-access). 

> > If you are in the US, we have a WeWork discount via Brex. Please message Coua or Charles to get a code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you are in the US, we have a WeWork discount via Brex. Please message Grace to get a code. 
```
